README.md, before:


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jobtriage/jobtriage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jobtriage/jobtriage)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/1b54333d-e878-46c0-9c18-3786a58b71f2/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/jobtriage/deploys)

# Job Triage  
### Interactive way to manage your Job application
Made with Rails, React, Mongo DB and :purple_heart:

## Development :rocket:

### server

 - Install the gems using `bundle install`
 - Change DB details of mongo in `config/mongoid.yml`
 - Start server using `rails s`
 - Test server using `rails test`
 - Check the [API doc here](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/3705194/SzKWuxaB?version=latest)

### client

 - `cd frontend`
 - `yarn install`
 - `yarn start`

##  Special Thanks :pray:

 - [React Trello](https://github.com/rcdexta/react-trello) - kanban board
 - [Material UI](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) - Material UI
 

## How to contribute 🤝
Contributions are always welcome. Try out **Job Triage** and create issues that you think to be addressed. You can also go through our issues and start working on any of the issue. 

To get started on working on an issue, just comment that you will be working on it. If you have any doubts, just ask in the commnt section. we are always happy to help :)

To make this easier, some of the issues are marked as [good first issue](https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=is:open%20is:issue%20label:%22Good%20First%20Issue%22) that contain bugs which have a relatively limited scop and will help you get your feet wet and get you familiar with our contribution process. 

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
   <td align="center"><a href="https://koushikmohan.com/"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/24666922?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Koushik Mohan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=author%3Akoushikmohan1996" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=koushikmohan1996" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#maintenance-koushikmohan1996" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://hiteshchauhan.netlify.com/"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/51196367?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Hitesh Chauhan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-hiteshkundal" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=hiteshkundal" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://yashpandit.netlify.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/26370910?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Yash Pandit</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=author%3Ayashpandit" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=yashpandit" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

> Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/).

Commit message:

Add Design Guidelines Doc (#44)
* Add design guidelines doc

README.md, after:


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jobtriage/jobtriage.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jobtriage/jobtriage)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-3-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->
[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/1b54333d-e878-46c0-9c18-3786a58b71f2/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/jobtriage/deploys)

# Job Triage  
### Interactive way to manage your Job application
Made with Rails, React, Mongo DB and :purple_heart:

## Development :rocket:

### server

 - Install the gems using `bundle install`
 - Change DB details of mongo in `config/mongoid.yml`
 - Start server using `rails s`
 - Test server using `rails test`
 - Check the [API doc here](https://documenter.getpostman.com/view/3705194/SzKWuxaB?version=latest)

### client

 - `cd frontend`
 - `yarn install`
 - `yarn start`

##  Special Thanks :pray:

 - [React Trello](https://github.com/rcdexta/react-trello) - kanban board
 - [Material UI](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui) - Material UI
 

## How to contribute 🤝
Contributions are always welcome. Try out **Job Triage** and create issues that you think to be addressed. You can also go through our issues and start working on any of the issue. 

To get started on working on an issue, just comment that you will be working on it. If you have any doubts, just ask in the commnt section. we are always happy to help :)

To make this easier, some of the issues are marked as [good first issue](https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=is:open%20is:issue%20label:%22Good%20First%20Issue%22) that contain bugs which have a relatively limited scop and will help you get your feet wet and get you familiar with our contribution process. 

We request you all to follow the design guidelines given [here](/DESIGN_GUIDELINES.md).

## Contributors ✨

Thanks goes to these wonderful people ([emoji key](https://allcontributors.org/docs/en/emoji-key)):

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
<!-- markdownlint-disable -->
<table>
  <tr>
   <td align="center"><a href="https://koushikmohan.com/"><img src="https://avatars3.githubusercontent.com/u/24666922?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Koushik Mohan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=author%3Akoushikmohan1996" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=koushikmohan1996" title="Code">💻</a> <a href="#maintenance-koushikmohan1996" title="Maintenance">🚧</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="https://hiteshchauhan.netlify.com/"><img src="https://avatars2.githubusercontent.com/u/51196367?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Hitesh Chauhan</b></sub></a><br /><a href="#maintenance-hiteshkundal" title="Maintenance">🚧</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=hiteshkundal" title="Code">💻</a></td>
    <td align="center"><a href="http://yashpandit.netlify.com"><img src="https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/26370910?v=4" width="100px;" alt=""/><br /><sub><b>Yash Pandit</b></sub></a><br /><a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/issues?q=author%3Ayashpandit" title="Bug reports">🐛</a> <a href="https://github.com/jobtriage/jobtriage/commits?author=yashpandit" title="Documentation">📖</a></td>
  </tr>
</table>

<!-- markdownlint-enable -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-LIST:END -->

This project follows the [all-contributors](https://github.com/all-contributors/all-contributors) specification. Contributions of any kind welcome!

> Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/).
